Objectif: Realiser un client et un serveur implementant le protocole "protopeach"

RFC protopeach
1/ Generalities: The protopeach protocol is a protocol for exchanging fruit through the Internet.
2/ Method:
2.1/
helo: The client MUST send a helo string when connecting to server.
The "helo" method SHOULD be followed by client FQDN. Ex: helo myname.mydomain
The server MUST answer: "HELO OK" if it is able to handle the connection, otherwise, il return "HELO NOK"
Ex:
client: helo myname.mydomain
server: hwlo OK
The server MUST return "helo NOK 90" if it refuse the connection from client

2.2/
sendfruit: The client have the ability to send a fruit to the server.
The string sent by client MUST contains the fruit name and number of fruits sent.
Ex:
client: sendfruit cranberry 12 <Will send 12 cranberries to server>.
The server MUST answer: "sendfruit OK" if it is able to stock the fruits, otherwise it return "sendfruit NOK <errorcode>" (See errorcode section).
If a fruit already exists, the sendfruit method will erase the number of available fruits from server.

2.3/
recvfruit: The client MUST send a fruit name following the method recvfruit and it will receive the number of available fruits.
Ex:
client: recvfruit banana
server: recvfruit OK <numberoffruits> The server MUST return the number of avaiable fruits asked by client.
If there is no more fruit available, the server MUST return the error code 21

2.4/
chngfruit: The client MUST send a fruit name following the method chngfruit. This method allow the client to change a fruit name.
The server MUST answer the method state (OK/NOK) followed by the name of the changed fruit (if OK) or the error code (if NOK)
Ex:
client: chngfruit banana blackberry
server: chngfruit OK blackberry

2.5/
howmany: The client can ask to the server how many fruits can be handled by server. The server MUST answer the number of available slots.
The server MUST answer the method state (OK/NOK) followed by the number of fruits (if OK) or the error code (if NOK)
Ex:
Client : howmany
Server : howmane OK 21
Means that the server can get 21 more fruits.

2.6/
The Server MUST offer the ability to send and receive the following list of fruits, but is free to implement other fruits:
- peach
- mango
- kiwi
- watermelon
- tomato
- ananas

3/
Errorcodes:
This section defines the error code that the server can send. If the client receive an error code, it SHOULD prompt the following error message.
51: too much fruits, the server can't get more fruits
69: fruit not available
00: unknown error
42: can't get the number of fruits
21: no more of this fruit
90: the server refused your helo
